this is an elevator
good night Patrick very nice it looks
like it's a very well-built Lantern it's
toasty integer I'm working on that
indicators dead so you might just want
to just get kind of a cow yeah
it also to see yeah thanks you're a
wooden elevator and we go over here so
it isn't over it's all wood inside yes
it's covered floor wood handrails and
wood walls and there's one looks like it
is a basement try five and we'll connect
search another surprise
let's tie this into realize those are
those aren't realize with their shafts
which is not pretty cool yeah we're at
five
it might leave so go ahead and exit TJ
look at that you can see the fluorescent
light fixture in their face through
through Dover Dover Dover shaft
yeah all right because we're gonna go
show the next surprise Wolfe I'm sorry
here wait let's just ring this bell you
want to get a close-up of it while I hit
the bottle it's not think we're gonna TJ
you want to connect us
oh yeah I forgot about that
- damn it - I think it's not okay
Johanna go back and get that shot who
shot here hold on TJ yeah there's TJ
running down the hallway
let's see Holiday Inn where are we TJ
here's an elevator dad yeah it's not
elevator month it's an elevator it is
11:30 it has what something tells me
that this wasn't originally a holiday
and now but that's why that those are
there all right looking yeah make sure
I'm gonna make it a separate video